docs #10: add UML (#30)
dd2480-group-18-2026/assignment-4-karate: report.md

## UML class diagram and its description

![UML class diagram for affected classes and some additional ones for context](assignment/uml/diagram_before.png)

The UML diagram shows the structure of the classes that were involved in fixing the issue. For context, some classes
not affected or affected very little are also shown, to illustrate how the core classes involved are created and interact. 

> The most important part is that ScenarioOutline contains one or more ExamplesTable, which it uses to generate Scenarios. Scenario was the class most affected by the changes, as we needed to integrate a new variable, exampleTableIndex, renaming the original exampleIndex to exampleRowIndex. This change required adjustments to many other methods, such as initially setting it in ScenarioOutline, or adjusting ScenarioResult methods for comparing and creating from json. The Suite class is included as its retryScenario and updateResults methods were the cause of the issue, but it did not have to be changed, as we fixed the methods it relied on. After we fixed the first requirement, the tags issue only required changes in ScenarioResult:fromKarateJson. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important part is that ScenarioOutline contains one or more `ExamplesTable`, which it uses to generate Scenarios. `Scenario` was the class most affected by the changes, as we needed to add a new field, `exampleTableIndex`, renaming the original `exampleIndex` to `exampleRowIndex`. This change required adjustments to many other methods, such as initially setting it in `ScenarioOutline`, or adjusting `ScenarioResult` methods for comparing and creating from JSON. The Suite class is included as its `retryScenario` and `updateResults` methods were the cause of the issue, but it did not have to be changed, as we fixed the methods it relied on. After we fixed the first requirement, the tags issue only required changes in `ScenarioResult:fromKarateJson`. 
```
